hi friends and welcome back to Friday's
on just like that today I am in my
kitchen and why you must ask well I'll
tell you I'm going to be making a green
smoothie that I drink almost every
single morning and it's just the
greatest thing in the whole entire world
and I figured why not show you guys the
recipe because it's really easy and
really fantastic and affordable and
great and just healthy for you it's like
kind of like a cup of coffee but better
like it's really filling and just gets
your day started and you're just like
yeah I'm ready to go so that's what this
is gonna be a recipe on how to feel like
that so let's stop the small talk my
pants just hit me in the face and let's
get into the video by the way I just
wanted to throw a little disclaimer in
here just because it's green doesn't
mean it tastes bad this actually tastes
fantastic and really really sweet and
you don't even taste anything great in
it so i really suggest it to all people
even if you don't like green things now
let's take a look at what we'll need
almond milk frozen kale spinach frozen
mango frozen pineapple banana also if
you're making this movie you're gonna
need a blender so just find a blender
and you kind of a blender it's gonna
work
blender now just having all of your
miscellaneous ingredients
I go I don't know I just placed that
mango like farther to the side it's all
gonna get blended now Megan you say how
much should I put in I ball it if you're
feeling like a lot of spinach is gonna
benefit your day do it
balls of kale the hell one more for good
luck can't forget your seeds I don't
really do like a tablespoon of chia
seeds by the way but I just had to use
the whole rest of my bag so now pour up
now let me warn you before I start this
blending process my blender is really
really crappy so it kind of takes a
while to blend all the ingredients
together my mom back home had a great
blender and never took that long but you
know we got to work with what we got
push everything down in there this is a
great technique if you're ever wondering
just jam it sorry if I'm a mess you know
just this is just how it goes every
morning
alright ladies and gents I think that's
it now just pour your substance into its
desired container preferably something
that's already been stained by your
green smoothies before oh my god
it's falling down the side I'm
disgusting like this would happen while
I'm pouring this in blop blop blop blop
the power just went out and on and that
was scary a lot of half of one time I'm
supposed to make something look pretty
it just didn't work out and that last
shot but you know what I meant
just pour it into your desired cup of
choice and I must say this is one of the
greatest movies I've ever made so you
know while we're here I just wanted to
give a quick couple shoutouts to
everybody who made this video possible
you know shout out to my fruits shout
out to my vegetables almond milk love
you blender you could have done a better
job shot it's my mom shoutout to Lil B
shot a Paula Deen Rachael Ray shot to
the director and producer me for you
know thinking of this idea and making
this lovely smoothie if you guys happen
to make this concoction please tweet me
a photo or you know Instagram the photo
and like tag me in it I don't know I'd
do whatever you want just make the
smoothie because it is really great and
it is great for you
and I'm just trying to help you out so
there it was folks the green smoothie
drink it in the mornings drinking in the
afternoons drink it at night also don't
forget to clean up the mess in your
kitchen because your parents might come
home and be like who threw up in my
blender alright well I guess that's the
end of this video I'm gonna stop
rambling now and go drink this in my
hand of chair if you guys enjoyed this
give this video a big thumbs up and I
will see you next Friday stay smiling 5